For me,
this is a historical moment.
I was very worried
about how we will succeed.
But you can see that this is not possible
just by people’s efforts.
The angels are helping,
and Jehovah gives his spirit.
Actually, this went
beyond our dreams, what we get.
Of course, there have been
many efforts put into it,
but it was worth it.
And we are very thankful
to the Governing Body
that they made this possible for us.
We welcome the 60 brothers
and sisters who symbolized
their dedication to Jehovah
who have now joined us
as footstep followers of Jesus.
Thank you, friends,
for all the love and the kindness
you’ve shown us here in Sofia.
It’s a great privilege to be here
with all of you and feeling the love
that Jehovah has for us
and for everyone of you as well.
I think that the best gift
that we received
from our brothers
was their smiles
of happiness.
We saw how the brothers and sisters,
with all their hearts,
gave their time
and were thinking about how to make
the delegates feel welcome.
To host this special event
is really a huge privilege for us.
Thank you all for coming.
We are happy, and we look forward
to seeing each other again.
We love you.
Thank you for your gifts.
I think the question we all had
in the beginning was, Will we make it?
Still today, I don’t really understand
how it worked out.
But we used everyone,
everywhere.
We knew that the brothers here
in Bulgaria had less materially,
but we also saw
that they had a big heart.
Many different languages
are spoken here,
but the spirit is the same.
We experienced what
an international brotherhood really is.
The local congregations
helped a lot.
They prepared
a pleasant surprise for every tour.
At the end, we saw joy
and happiness on the brothers’ faces.
For being here for the week,
it really had such an impact on us.
It’s been wonderful.
It’s been a faith-building experience,
and it really brings us together
as a worldwide organization,
and we’re privileged
to be a part of it.
So when we follow instruction
from the organization
regarding the ministry
and we think
about the brothers’ happiness
and the joy in the ministry,
we can see the result.
We saw that in the end,
Jehovah opened large doors.
We managed to accommodate
our precious delegates
in the best hotels,
and we saw how Jehovah
can make the impossible, possible.
These three days,
we met our “relatives” from Bulgaria,
from the United States,
from Macedonia,
from Serbia, Ukraine, Moldova
and we wouldn’t change
this for anything else.
Some of the joyful tears
we will shed in the new world,
we have experienced here.
The memory of this is beautiful.
Thank you!
We are truly a family.
Da!
The feeling I had with this event
is just like we had the impression
to walk for a few moments
in the new world.
This is the way I felt.
We would like to help you learn
how you can be on Jesus’ side,
on his side,
when he completely conquers the world!
We look forward to being with you
at a convention in the new world.